Truong Huc Dong's father beat his son
You will destroy me, dad.
Failure is not enough.
Principal, if you dare hit my son
How do you intend to die, you old dog?
Why do you bite and scream when you see people?
How dare you talk to me like that in Yen Kinh city?
Hum, you are living impatiently.
President Giang's prestige is really not small.
Today I see there
It's Ms. Shen.
Why are you here? You have to ask your good son.
Dad, stop talking nonsense to them.
idiot
Miss Trinh is all dead soldiers.
At that time, I will send someone to bring 3 million to your mansion.
To express a small apology.
Dad, you idiot, go home.
The power of the Giang family is not small.
Don't be impatient.
Thanks for thinking of me.
But this Giang house
Sooner or later I will pay the price.